Update workday docs - version 35 (#1064)
mulesoft/docs-connectors: workday/13.0/modules/ROOT/pages/workday-connector-design-center.adoc

> = Use Flow Designer to Configure Workday Connector 13.0 - Mule 4

Reviewer: 13.0 or 13.x (all prev text refs)?

:page-aliases: connectors::workday/workday-design-center.adoc, connectors::workday/workday-connector-design-center.adoc

Anypoint Design Center's Flow Designer enables you to create apps visually. To use Flow Designer, work with your Anypoint Platform administrator to ensure that you have a xref:access-management::environments.adoc#to-create-a-new-environment[Design environment]. For more information, see the xref:design-center::fd-tour.adoc[Flow Designer Tour].

To create an app in Flow Designer:

* Configure the trigger (source) for your app.
* Configure the target component for your app.

> For information on connector field values, see

Reviewer: GLOBAL, per style ref:
"information on" > "information about"

the xref:workday-reference.adoc[Workday Connector Reference].

== Configure the Trigger

> A trigger starts your app. Workday Connector provides the *On Modified Objects* trigger that starts your app when an object is created, modified, or deleted in Workday. Alternatively, you can use:

Reviewer: Not sure we need the first sentence...:
```suggestion
Workday Connector provides the *On Modified Objects* trigger, which starts your app when an object is created, modified, or deleted in Workday. Alternatively, you can use:
```
OR this, which matches the following bullet-list items in using "to start"
```suggestion
Workday Connector provides the *On Modified Objects* trigger to start your app when an object is created, modified, or deleted in Workday. Alternatively, you can use:
```

* *HTTP Listener* to start your app from a browser

> or with a command such as `curl`.

Reviewer: no period:
```suggestion
or with a command such as `curl`
```

* *Scheduler* to start your app on a timed schedule

To configure the trigger:

. In Design Center, click *Create new*.
. Click *Create new application*.
. Specify a value for *Project name*, and click *Create*.

> . Click *Go straight to canvas* to exit from *Let's get started*.

Reviewer: "exit" is sufficient alone:
```suggestion
. Click *Go straight to canvas* to exit *Let's get started*.
```

> . Click the empty trigger card in the middle of the canvas to expand it.

Reviewer: unclear referent:
```suggestion
. In the middle of the canvas, click the empty trigger card to expand it.
```

> . Configure a trigger for the connector.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Configure the trigger for the connector.
```

+

> To use the *On Modified Objects* trigger, enter `workday` in the search field, select *Workday Connector*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use the *On Modified Objects* trigger, enter `workday` in the search field and select *Workday Connector*.
```

. Click *Add Connection*.
. In the *Connection Name field*, enter a name for the connection.
. In the *Connection Type* field, select whether to use Basic authentication or x.509 Authentication.

> . Fill in the required fields.

Reviewer: Better for localization:
```suggestion
. Complete the required fields.
```

. Click *Test* to test the connection.
. Click *Save*.

== Configure the Target Component

> The target component enables your app to process data received from the trigger. Workday Connector provides operations that you can use to perform tasks for educational organizations, human resources, professional services,

Reviewer: "target component" here is a type of component, not the name (Target component, per style ref) of a MuleSoft component, right? Just making super sure....

payroll, and benefits administration.

To configure the target component:

. In the *Object Type* field, select the Workday object type.

> . Click outside of the dialog.

Reviewer: Subjective...:
```suggestion
. Click anywhere outside of the dialog.
```
?

. Click *+* next to the trigger card.
. In *Select a component*, search for `workday` and select *Workday Connector*.
. Select an operation.
. Click *Edit*.
. Click *Add Connection*.

> . In the *Connection Name field*, select the configured connection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. In the *Connection Name* field, select the configured connection.
```

> . Fill in the required fields.

Reviewer: ditto re. "Complete"
